VWRs edits (#1193)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/photoniq/vwrs/03-configuration-and-setup/04-customizing-vwrs.md

---
sidebar_position: 30
title: Customizing VWRs
---

## Fingerprinting

VWRs can use device fingerprinting techniques to help mitigate cookie sharing and replay attacks. By default, a basic fingerprint is generated using information derived from the device object ([https://techdocs.akamai.com/edgeworkers/docs/device-object](https://techdocs.akamai.com/edgeworkers/docs/device-object)). If stronger device fingerprinting is required, then you can override this logic with your own, or configure it to use one of the fingerprinting techniques available in Akamai’s security products.

## Priority

VWRS allows you customize a waiting room with up to ten priorities, with these priority numbers being positive integers from 1 through 255. 

### Configuring Priority

> Configure the priorities using the `POST/PUT/PATCH /api/vwr/v1/domains` REST API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the priorities using the `POST/PUT/PATCH /api/vwr/v1/waitingrooms` REST API.
```

> For instance, to configure three priorities with values of 1, 20, and 255, use the `PATCH /api/vwr/v1/domains` REST API to update the domain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, to configure three priorities with values of 1, 20, and 255, use the `PATCH /api/vwr/v1/waitingrooms` REST API to update the waiting room:
```
